General setup:


First, you'll need to set up a combo that is invisible and has no type or flag set. This cannot be
combo 0. You'll also need to set aside a block of 4x4 tiles to leave blank.

You'll have to set a few constants in ghost.zh. Open it in a text editor (a basic one like Notepad;
office programs sometimes modify punctuation marks, making scripts unusable). The constants are all
at the top, and they look like this:

const int CONSTANT_NAME = ###; // And sometimes there's a note here

The ### part is what you need to change. The names should mostly be self-explanatory, but a few
need a bit of explanation.

GH_DRAW_OVER_THRESHOLD: Some scripts set the FFC's "Draw Over" flag automatically as the enemy
   moves up and down. This determines the Z value at which it changes.
GH_SPAWN_SPRITE: Scripted enemies don't use the normal spawn animations. This needs to be set so
   they can fake it. If you use the default sprite, 22, make sure its animation frames and speed
   are set.
AUTOGHOST_MIN_FFC and AUTOGHOST_MAX_FFC: Every scripted enemy uses at least one FFC. Set these to
   limit the range of FFCs they will use automatically. Use this if you want to reserve some FFCs
   for other purposes.
AUTOGHOST_MIN_ENEMY_ID and AUTOGHOST_MAX_ENEMY_ID: AutoGhost enemies are identified by misc.
   attributes 11 and 12 being set. Other scripts may also use these settings; when multiple scripts
   use the same numbers for different purposes, they're likely to behave incorrectly. You can
   restrict the range of enemy IDs that will be used for AutoGhost enemies to avoid this.

GH_INVISIBLE_COMBO is the last one that needs set; everything after that can be ignored. If you're
making multiple quests at once that use different settings, you should use a different copy of the
file for each one.

In ZQuest, go to Quest > Scripts > Compile ZScript... > Edit and enter this:
import "std.zh"
import "string.zh"
import "ghost.zh"

If any of the files are in different directories, you'll have to specify that, for instance:
import "MyQuest\Scripts\ghost.zh"

Close the window, save the changes, and click Compile. In the Global tab, load GhostZHActiveScript
into the Active slot. In the Item tab, load GhostZHClockScript into any slot.

If your quest uses clocks, set the clock's pickup script to GhostZHClockScript. Set D0 to the same
number as the clock's duration.



Individual enemies:


First, the script needs to be imported. In the script buffer, add another line to import the file,
for instance:
import "GoriyaLttP.z"

Don't remove the lines that are already there. Some scripts may require that you import additional
files, but don't include any file more than once. Compile and load the FFC script into a slot.

Exactly what needs done varies from one enemy to the next, but a few things are common. Most
scripted enemies need at least one combo set up, but a few use the invisible one. Every enemy needs
its type (usually 'other'), HP, damage, tile, and CSet set. Misc. attribute 11 must be set to the
combo number, and misc. attribute 12 must be set to the number of the script slot. If either of
these is 0, the enemy won't be recognized as scripted.

Many enemies require more than one combo. In these cases, assume that all combos must be consecutive
in the list and attribute 11 set to the first one unless the instructions say otherwise. Also, some
scripts require that multiple enemies be set up. Unless instructed otherwise, you only need to place
the primary enemy on the screen.

If an enemy uses the invisible combo, be sure to set the same one you used for GH_INVISIBLE_COMBO.
Otherwise, it won't be recognized, which may cause graphical problems.
